Update http-v2-api.md (#205)
amplitude/amplitude-dev-center: docs/analytics/apis/http-v2-api.md

It's best practice to implement retry logic and send an `insert_id` (used for deduplication of the same event) in your events.
 This prevents lost events or duplicated events if the API is unavailable or a request fails.

>  _Note: Amplitude does not log any data that did not receive a 200 response. It is the customers responsibility to log any error responses internally to troubleshoot._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note "Logging errors"
    Amplitude recommends that you add your own logging to capture responses that receive a response other than `200`.
```
